Close your eyes and scroll through your contacts. Text a random person, “look behind you”
Put chocolate/whipped cream/ice cream on a pickle and eat it
Walk around the room and your hands and knees pretending to be a dog
Let your partner give you a makeover
Put a bar of soap in your mouth for 2 minutes
Eat a raw egg
Act out a scene from your favorite show/movie and let your partner try to guess what it is
Post a 1,000 word Facebook status of gibberish
Kiss your partners big toe
Eat a tablespoon of soy sauce
Pour mustard into your partner’s hand and lick it off
Don’t say a word till your next turn
Call a local pet store and ask if they have mosquitos for sale
Put on a blindfold and eat whatever your partner gives you (make sure it’s edible!)
Go live on Facebook and do the Macarena
Close your eyes and let your partner draw on you for three minutes
Peel a potato with your teeth
Put two drops of the spiciest sauce you have on your tongue. Try to not drink water for two minutes
Eat a blade of grass
Twerk for 30 seconds
Makeout with me without feeling me up for 5 minutes straight
Tell me a fantasy that you’ve never told anyone
Be blinded and tickled for one minute
Take off your partner’s shirt using only your teeth
Belly dance for your partner
Take a body shot off your partner (you can use water if you don’t drink)
Give your partner a back massage
Lick your partners face
Do whatever your partner tells you to do for one minute
Dress up your partner in your clothes and take a picture
Do a sexy dance using only one leg
Put on sexy music and vacuum/sweep seductively with no pants on
Whisper all 50 states into your spouse’s ear as seductively as you can
Lick whipped cream off your partner’s stomach
Massage your partner’s neck with your mouth
Play “this little piggy” with all of your partner’s toes
Act out your first date together without speaking
Kiss your partner like you were in a romantic comedy
Give a detailed presentation on how to seduce a person in the style of a TED talk.
Try to hit on your partner as if you had just met them
Eat a bag of popcorn as fast and as sexy as you can
Feed your partner almonds using only your mouth
Send me the dirtiest text you can think of
Go outside on the front lawn and do the moonwalk
Kiss your partner’s bare booty cheek
Let your partner draw a mustache on your face (use a washable marker!)
Stay in only your underwear for the rest of the game
Kiss the feet of the person who gave you this dare.
Make up a rap about the person who dared you, mentioning his or her best features.
Take a selfie while kissing the other person on the cheek.
Talk about what you like about the other person for the next two minutes.
See how many maraschino cherry stems you can tie into a knot with your tongue in the space of five minutes.
Stand next to the refrigerator (or food pack if you're camping), close your eyes, and randomly point to something inside. Keep your eyes shut while your boyfriend or girlfriend helps you eat some of the food you picked.
Exchange shirts with your significant other for the next round of questions.
Try to give your boyfriend or girlfriend a piggyback ride around the room.
Allow the other person to give you a whole new look, complete with hair, makeup, and a super awesome outfit.
Lick each one of your significant other's fingers.
Tape your hands to your ankles for the next 10 minutes.
Wear a funny hat on your head for the next three rounds of questions.
Ask the neighbors to borrow a cup of sugar.
Get a large garbage bag and cut the bottom open. Put it on like a skirt and tie the ties around your waist. Act like you are modeling couture on the catwalk.
Run around the room imitating a monkey.
Crack an egg on your head.
Let everyone in the group style your hair and take photos.
For the rest of the game, every time someone asks a question, you have to yell "giddy-up" and gallop around the room in a circle.
Take off your socks and wear them on your hands for the rest of the evening.
Pretend that you're swimming underwater for the next three rounds of questions. Don't forget to make bubbling noises and come up for air from time to time.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Act like a monkey until it is your turn again.
Be blindfolded and then tickled for a minute.
Blow on the back of the other person’s neck, alternating hot and cool for one minute. Do not touch them.
Get a shower with all your clothes on.
Get within one inch of the other person, look them straight in the eye, and tell them how you feel about them for one minute. Do not touch them.
Go five minutes without blinking.
Let someone do whatever they want for two minutes with your phone.
Let someone write a word on your forehead in permanent marker.
Make as many different fart sounds as you can.
Make up a story about the item to your right.
Once you have your eyes closed, feel someone’s face and guess who they are.
Post an embarrassing picture of yourself online.
Say the alphabet backward in 15 seconds.
Spell out a secret message for your partner on their back. If they get it right, they get a special favor of their choosing. If they get it wrong, they have to do something special for you.
Spin around ten times, when you get done, try to walk in a straight line.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now.
You have to call one of your partner’s parents and tell them how much you love your partner.
You have to give your boss a full dress down for five minutes.
You have to wash your partner’s feet.
You have to wear handcuffs for the rest of the game.
Talk about something you regret in your life.
Log into Facebook and like every picture for the past year of the first person you see.
Allow a random player to tickle you for 30 seconds.
Eat an entire onion without crying.
Massage another player’s back for five minutes.
Spank the person to your right.
Let any player give you a wet willy.
Describe someone else in the group and others have to guess who it is.
Do as many sit-ups as you can in one minute.
Speak in an accent chosen by another player for the rest of the game.
Stand up and try to break dance.
Try to lick your elbow for the next three minutes.
Pick out the best and worst dressed individuals in the group.
Pass your phone to the person to your right and allow them to put any status on one of your social media accounts.
Kiss me where you’ve never kissed me before!
Ask them to hand over their phone to you and you can text anyone on their behalf.
Blindfold me for 5 minutes and do whatever you want…
Next time we go over to your house, steal a kiss from me while your parents are still around…
Take an embarrassing selfie and post it as your profile picture.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Go next door with a measuring cup and ask for a cup of sugar.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in your nose, and leave it there for five minutes.
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour.
Until the next round, talk super loud, like nobody can hear you.
Call your crush.
Take a shot of pickle juice.
Talk to a pillow like it’s your crush.
Pretend you’re a bird and eat cereal off the floor using only your mouth.
Make out with your hand.
Let someone else style your hair and keep it that way for the rest of the day.
Use a brush like you’re talking into a microphone each time you speak.
Color one of your front teeth black. (Eyeliner works!)
Pick your friend’s nose.
Fake cry.
Make repulsive sounds while eating and drinking.
Cross your eyes when talking.
Talk without closing your mouth.
Act like an animal of the group’s choosing.
Get into a debate with a wall.
Squirt your face with a squirt gun continuously while talking.
See how many grapes you can stuff in your mouth.
Hiccup in between each word.
Burp the alphabet.
Draw on your face with permanent marker.
Dip your sock-covered feet in the toilet, and don't dry them off for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under them, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Eat a raw egg.
Let the group choose three random things from the refrigerator and mix them together. Then you have to eat the mixture.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Go on Facebook Live and read the back of a shampoo bottle.
Call a 7-Eleven and ask if they’re open.
Stand in the backyard and yell at the top of your lungs, “Nooooo! I was adopted!”
Go outside in the driveway and do the disco without music.
Call a car part store and tell them that you need a part for your Model T.
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online.
Sniff everyone’s feet and rank them in order of freshest to stinkiest.
Call a NY-style pizza place and ask them what the difference is between NY pizza and “real” pizza.
Open your front door and loudly sing “Hallelujah!”
Go outside and pretend you're cutting the grass with an invisible mower.
Call a pizza place and ask if they use cruelty-free wheat in their dough.
Call your mom and tell her you can't find a girlfriend in a very panicked voice.
Wear your underwear over your pants for the rest of the game.
Call the library and ask if they carry a dictionary that translates British to American.
Send a Snapchat of you pretending to cry because you just found out you were adopted.
Go on Facebook and write "How do you spell "facebook"?" as your status.
Sniff the armpit of the person next to you, and describe what it smells like to the entire group.
Go outside and try to summon the rain.
Sing the "Star-Spangled Banner" in a British accent.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Call a random number, and when someone picks up, immediately start singing the national anthem.
Call Target and ask them if they deliver popcorn.
Call McDonald's and ask if they sell Whoppers.
Call a pizza shop and ask if you can return a pizza.
Call a car dealership and ask if they have any horse buggies in stock.
Change your relationship status on Facebook to "it's complicated."
Call Macy's and tell them you're interested in buying them.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Call a random number and sing "Happy Birthday."
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Fill your mouth with water, and each person in the group must tell the funniest joke they know. If you spit up the water, you have to eat a spoonful of dirt.
Tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Suck your big toe.
Eat a mouthful of raw pasta.
Dump a bunch of LEGOs on the floor and walk over them with your bare feet.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have, and post it on Facebook.
Go outside and hug a mailbox until at least three passersby have seen you.
Only speak in rhymes for the rest of the game.
Soak a shirt in water, put it in the fridge for 20 minutes, and then wear it.
Trade clothes with the person next to you.
Make a silly face and keep it that way until the next round.
Kneel for an hour.
Let someone wax your back.
Drink water straight from a running faucet for a whole minute.
For the rest of the game, do not say "I."
Make up a rap about koalas.
Call a stranger and tell them a secret.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Walk down the street in your underwear.
Make your ear touch your shoulder for the rest of the game.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
You’re in school, and you’ve been a bad student. For the next round, you’re in time-out on someone’s lap.
Someone has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch, wherever you touch them.
Take a naked selfie and send it to your partner.
Take your bra off under your shirt and toss it out the window.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minute while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterward, but without knowing their identity.
You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of the person next to you for the next round.
Do your best sexy crawl.
Do a free-style rap for the next minute.
Let another person post a status on your behalf.
Hand over your phone to another player who can send a single text saying anything they want to anyone they want.
Let the other players go through your phone for one minute.
Smell another player's armpit.
Smell another player's bare foot.
Eat a bite of a banana peel.
Do an impression of another player until someone can figure out who it is.
Say pickles at the end of every sentence you say until it's your turn again.
Imitate a YouTube star until another player guesses who you're portraying.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Call a friend, pretend it's their birthday, and sing them Happy Birthday to You.
Name a famous person that looks like each player in the room.
Show us your best dance moves.
Eat a packet of hot sauce straight.
Let another person draw a tattoo on your back with a permanent marker.
Put on a blindfold and touch the other players' faces until you can figure out who's who.
Serenade the person to your right for a full minute.
Let the other players redo your hairstyle.
Dump out your purse, backpack, or pockets and do a show and tell of what's inside.
Let the player to your right redo your makeup.
Do a prank call on one of your family members.
Let another player create a hat out of toilet paper — and you've got to wear it for the rest of the game.
Do a plank for a full minute.
Let someone give you a wedgie.
Put five cubes in your mouth (you can't chew them, you just have to let them melt—brrr).
Bark like a dog.
Draw your favorite movie and have the other person guess it (Pictionary-style).
Repeat everything the person to your right says until your next turn.
Demonstrate how you style your hair in the mirror (without actually using the mirror).
Play air guitar for one minute.
Empty a glass of cold water onto your head outside.
Lay on the floor and act like a sizzling piece of bacon.
In the next ten minutes, find a way to scare another player and make it a surprise.
Lick a bar of soap.
Eat a teaspoon of mustard.

