If you could have any sexual superpower, what would it be?
What is your favorite part of me?
What is your biggest turn on?
What personality traits do you find most attractive?
What is your biggest turn off?
Have you ever lied to me before?
What is one of the most terrific things we’ve done together?
What is your biggest fear about relationships?
Have you ever been dumped in public?
What is the worst gift you’ve ever received from me?
What is a common fetish you would never try in real life?
What is a weird fetish that you actually want to try?
What is on your sexual bucket list?
What is one non-sexual thing that I’ve done that has aroused you?
Have you ever sent a sexy Snapchat to someone?
Have you ever sexted with someone other than me?
What is the most embarrassing/sexual text you’ve ever received? Describe it to me
What is your guilty pleasure?
Who would be in your dream threesome?
What is your favorite body part on yourself? On me?
Do you like my cooking?
What is the craziest thing on your bucket list?
If you had a million dollars, what is the first thing you would buy?
Have you ever dated someone older than you?
Who is hotter? Me or you?
What is one household chore that you hate doing?
What animal comes to mind when you think of me?
What is one thing that would cause our relationship to break up?
Do you like my perfume/cologne?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What is the most childish thing you’ve ever done?
What is one bad habit that you have?
What is your biggest regret?
What is something that you like about yourself?
What is something that you dislike about yourself?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What is the last thing you searched on your phone?
Is there anything in your web browsing history that you would be embarrassed to share with me?
Have you ever peed your pants?
Have you ever had an exciting dream about me? Describe it.
What is your favorite piece of clothing and why?
Are you where you thought you’d be 10 years ago?
What is something that I do that you didn’t expect?
What is your wildest fantasy?
What is your favorite memory of us?
How many partners have you had?
Where do you see our relationship going?
Did you ever fart inside an elevator?
Did you ever pick your nose in office?
Which is your favorite song to hum in the shower?
Your worst addiction?
Have you ever peed while playing on the beach?
Have you ever lied to your partner?
Narrate your first breakup story giving all details.
What’s your biggest turn off in a person of the opposite sex?
What turns you on?
How far did you go on your first date?
Did you ever taste your pet’s food?
Ever used a cheesy pickup line on your fitness trainer?
Have you ever cursed your partner’s family?
What is the craziest thing on your bucket list?
Which part of your body gets the most compliments? And by whom?
Which actor would you swap your life with for 10 days?
Describe your idea of a horrible date.
Who was your crush in school?
What makes you cry and jump in joy at the same time?
Did you ever have a crush on a high school teacher?
Do you like my (your partner’s) cooking?
Beaches or mountains?
Did you ever dance intimately with someone?
What is the worst gift you have ever received from me (your partner)?
How many kids are you planning to have?
What, in your opinion, is something I must change about myself?
What is your biggest fear about relationships?
What were your exact thoughts while saying, “I do” ?
What is one of the most terrific things that we did together?
Rate our love story on a scale of 1 to 10?
What is your favorite thing to do together?
Are you possessive about me or our relationship?
Partying at a club or a movie night at home?
What is your idea of a perfect couples’ holiday?
What is your favorite time of the year?
Would you ever want to undergo plastic surgery? Why?
What is the biggest insecurity about our relationship?
How would you spend an entire week without me?
Which is your favorite color on me?
What would you enjoy about being stranded with me on a deserted island?
Did you ever two-time while being in a committed relationship?
Have you ever tried skinny dipping in a public pool?
Do you have the hots for someone at your workplace?
At which age did you have your first kiss and with whom?
Did you ever make out in a public library?
Did you ever stalk your ex?
Do you prefer a masseuse of the opposite gender or the same?
Tell something you were always afraid to express.
Will you allow me to check the browsing history on your mobile?
Ever dated someone older than you?
Were you ever attracted to someone from the same gender?
Have you ever had a crush on your best friend’s spouse?
Have you ever burped while kissing someone?
Who is hotter? Me or you?
Did you ever accidentally send a wrong intimate message to your colleague?
Did you ever break up with an ex right before their birthday to avoid buying them a birthday gift?
Did you ever start a rumor about someone you hate?
Did you ever visit a strip club?
If you could win a thousand dollars, would you give up watching your favorite Netflix series?
Did you, at any time, feel uncomfortable in the presence of your parents? When?
Did someone ever break your heart? Who? (I’ll break their bones)
Is there something that you love a lot, but you sacrificed just for me?
Do you have a favorite in-law? Who is he/she?
What is one thing that makes you regret our relationship?
What am I worth exchanging with?
What is one household chore that you hate to do?
Did you ever lie about your GPA?
How many serious relationships have you had?
Did you ever have a tinder profile?
Were you ever on a blind date?
Which animal comes to your mind when you think of me?
Is there a nickname I gave, which you absolutely hate?
Rate the style of my dressing on a scale of 1 to 10.
Name one thing that you just can’t give up even for me.
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What is your idea of a perfect marriage?
Does the scent of my perfume arouse you?
Share one thing which you think could cause our break up.
Which of my friends do you like to talk to and whom do you hate?
What was the first ever lie you told me?
When you suddenly hear my name in public, what is that one thing which comes to your mind?
What could be your alternate career?
Have You Ever Worn Each Other’s Clothes?
What kind of pajamas do you wear to bed?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done on a dare?
What color is your underwear?
If you could marry one teacher in the school or person at work, who would you pick and why?
If you were stuck on a deserted island which friend would you want with you?
What do you collect that no one knows about?
What was your childhood nickname (and why)?
How long have you gone without showering?
What's your scariest nightmare?
Where is the strangest place you've used the bathroom?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever done something against the law?
Did you ever fake illness to get out of school or another event?
Have you ever wet the bed?
What were your first impressions of me (the person asking the question)?
Have you ever lied to me?
What are the three qualities you feel are most important in a friend?
What kind of situation would make you lie for me?
What is one thing you've never told anyone else?
How many best friends have you had during your lifetime?
What would you do if your current boyfriend/girlfriend ended things right now?
What would you do with a million dollars if you ever won the lottery?
Are you scared of dying? Why?
What is your favorite feature about yourself?
Of all the clothing you've seen me wear, what is your least favorite item?
Do you like kissing me?
What personality traits do you think are most important in someone you're dating?
What's something you're afraid to tell me about yourself?
What do you think is your biggest physical flaw?
Have you ever been cheated on by someone you were dating?
What do you find most attractive about me?
What did you think of me before we started dating?
What's something I don't know about you yet?
What is your biggest fear?
Who was your first crush, or who is your current crush?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
What is the most awkward moment you've ever had on a date?
If you could kiss a celebrity without it impacting things with us, who would it be?
What would you do on the perfect first date?
If you could spend 24 hours as the opposite gender, what would you do?
If you weren't here, what would you be doing?
If you couldn't go to the college or get the job of your dreams, what would you do?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
What is your special talent?
What's the best meal you've ever had?
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
If your life were made into a movie who would play you?
What happened on the worst day of your life?
What personality traits would cause you to end a friendship?
If you could be born again, who would you come back as?
What's the best kind of underwear?
What's your favorite feature on someone of the opposite sex?
Have you ever eaten food from the floor?
Have you ever eaten or been tempted to eat your dog’s treats?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Have you ever picked your nose and eaten it?
Have you ever promised to quit beer/smoking/cake/chocolate etc., but then broke the promise within an hour of making it?
Have you ever used an inappropriate word in front of your parents?
How many days have you ever gone without taking a shower?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what more naughty things would you like to do?
What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
What is that one thing you would never do even if someone offered you all of the money in the world?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
What is the worst rumor or gossip you repeated which ended up costing you big time?
What was the most disgusting joke ever played with someone?
What’s something stupid you’ve done that you’re most proud of?
What’s the best thing you wanted to become but now consider the worst thing ever?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
Which celebrity do you think is overrated and why?
Who here are you most jealous of?
What is your biggest regret?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What is your worst habit?
What is the strangest thing you have ever bought?
Have you ever lied on your resume to get a job?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your favorite thing to do with your leisure time?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you could choose a different career, what would it be and why?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you were given a million dollars, what would you do with it?
What makes you the happiest?
If you were invisible what is something you would do?
Is there any movie that always makes you cry?
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Do you fake orgasm while looking sideways or looking the person straight in the face?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What it is?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Have you ever cheated/wanted to cheat?
Have you ever done it in a car?
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
It’s totally illegal to seduce my teachers but if it weren't,…..
What is the most sexually adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What panties are you wearing?
What was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or make-up sex?
What’s the most number of times you’ve done it in one day?
What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
When did you lose your virginity?
When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
When was your first kiss?
When was your sexual awakening?
Your most embarrassing moment with a partner?
Who do you care about more… me or your best friend?
What do you feel for your ex-girlfriend now?
What's a kinky fetish of yours that you are scared to share?
Have you ever stalked anyone on social media?
When was the last time you lied to me?
Do you see your future with me?
What’s your most disgusting habit?
Have I ever done something that annoyed you a lot but you didn’t tell me?
How many people have you kissed?
Who was your first kiss?
What is one thing that you never want your parents to know about?
What is something that only a couple of people know about?
Have you ever picked your nose and eaten it?
When you fart, do you sit there or try to move away from it?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Who is your current crush?
What is the longest you have ever gone without a shower?
What is the longest you have worn the same pair of underwear?
Do you sing in the shower?
What is something you’ve done that could have gotten you in serious trouble?
What is your worst habit?
What is the biggest lie you ever told?
Do you cheat when playing games?
Have you ever lied to answer a truth question?
Who is your biggest secret crush that you would never pursue?
What is one thing that you would want to change about yourself?
Do you ever just stare at yourself in the mirror?
What is one thing you find the most annoying about me?
If you could be invisible, what is the first thing you would do?
What is a secret you kept from your parents?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Who is your secret crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
What is your biggest regret?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
What is the most food you've ever eaten in a single sitting?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
Reveal all the details of your first kiss.
What excuse have you used before to get out plans with a friend?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
What's your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a desert island?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the craziest pickup line you've ever used?
What animal do you think you most look like?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is one thing you would stand in line for an hour for?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What's the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What was your favorite childhood show?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
What's your biggest fear?
What's one silly thing you can't live without?
What is the weirdest trend you've ever participated in?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What person do you text the most?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What is an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
Which player knows you the best?
What's your favorite part of your body?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Tell us about the worst date you've ever been on?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What are the top three things you look for in a boyfriend/girlfriend?
What is your worst habit?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
What is your biggest insecurity?
